README.md, before:

node-tableify
-------------

From any JavaScript object, HTML tables create.

description
-----------

Given any Javascript object including Object, Array, Number, Date, null, undefined, primitives,
etc, `tableify` generates HTML tables that represent each object. In the case of Arrays containing
Objects (hash tables), it will generate a table with a header row containing the key names of the
object found in the first element of the array.

Every value to be output to the table is processed through `tableify` recursively so objects containing
other objects will result in tables within tables.

For each `td` cell that is created, a class is generated based on the `constructor.name` of the value, or
`null` if the value is null.

install
-------

```bash
npm install tableify
```

usage
-----

```javascript
var tableify = require('tableify');

var html = tableify({
	someArrayOfObjects : [
		{ a : 1, b : 2, c : 3  }
		, { a : 2, b : 3, c : 4 }
		, { a : 3, b : 4, c : 5 }
	]
	, someObject : {
		key1 : 'value1'
		, someArray : [
			'value2'
			, 'value3'
			, 'value4'
			, 'value5'
		]
		, someArrayOfObjects : [
			{ key2 : 123 }
			, { key2 : 234 }
			, { key2 : 345 }
		]
	}
});

console.log(html);
```

license
-------

MIT

Commit message:

update readme to include usage of command line tool

README.md, after:

node-tableify
-------------

From any JavaScript object, HTML tables create.

description
-----------

Given any Javascript object including Object, Array, Number, Date, null, undefined, primitives,
etc, `tableify` generates HTML tables that represent each object. In the case of Arrays containing
Objects (hash tables), it will generate a table with a header row containing the key names of the
object found in the first element of the array.

Every value to be output to the table is processed through `tableify` recursively so objects containing
other objects will result in tables within tables.

For each `td` cell that is created, a class is generated based on the `constructor.name` of the value, or
`null` if the value is null.

install
-------

```bash
npm install tableify
```

usage
-----

```javascript
var tableify = require('tableify');

var html = tableify({
	someArrayOfObjects : [
		{ a : 1, b : 2, c : 3  }
		, { a : 2, b : 3, c : 4 }
		, { a : 3, b : 4, c : 5 }
	]
	, someObject : {
		key1 : 'value1'
		, someArray : [
			'value2'
			, 'value3'
			, 'value4'
			, 'value5'
		]
		, someArrayOfObjects : [
			{ key2 : 123 }
			, { key2 : 234 }
			, { key2 : 345 }
		]
	}
});

console.log(html);
```

command line usage
------------------

When installed with `npm install -g tableify` you get the tablify command line utility. 
This is a simple command which accepts JSON from stdin and outputs html to stdout. I use
it for emailing json files in a nice format for debugging purposes.

The --style option prepends a <style> tag with some default css

```bash
cat datafile.json | tableify --style | mutt -e 'set content_type="text/html"' me@myaddress.com
```

license
-------

MIT
